Fix and improve the README file (bsc#1170843) (#64)
SUSE/hanadb_exporter: README.md

  - [`dbapi` (SAP/official)](https://help.sap.com/viewer/1efad1691c1f496b8b580064a6536c2d/Cloud/en-US/39eca89d94ca464ca52385ad50fc7dea.html)
  - [`pyhdb` (unofficial/open source)](https://github.com/SAP/PyHDB)

> 3. For collecting much data as possible, you have to install the [SAP Host agent](https://launchpad.support.sap.com/#/notes/2101350).

Reviewer: @juadk  Looks great. Maybe here we should rephrase a bit:
```suggestions
3. Some metrics are collected on the HANA monitoring views by the [SAP Host agent](https://launchpad.support.sap.com/#/notes/2101350). Make sure to have it installed and running to have access to all the monitoring metrics.
```

Author: Yes I agree with your suggestion, thanks.

The installation of the connector is covered in the `Installation` section.

> 3. Some metrics are collected on the HANA monitoring views by the [SAP Host agent](https://launchpad.support.sap.com/#/notes/2101350). Make sure to have it installed and running to have access to all the monitoring metrics.

Reviewer 2: I don't think imho we should put the link because, for example that link requires a login and User which I don't have.

Author: I was hesitating about that and I asked @diegoakechi , he told me it is a normal thing for SAP users.

Reviewer 2: @diegoakechi @arbulu89 Imho personally allthough our exporter is SAP centric, having a link where I need to login/create user is quite un-usual in doc. IMho I would just remove it.

and add something public like;
https://help.sap.com/saphelp_nwpi711/helpdata/en/21/98c443122744efae67c0352033691d/frameset.htm or others

Author: I agree with having something public.

Reviewer: @MalloZup I am fine to switch to the public link.  @juadk can you please do this change?

Author: @MalloZup @diegoakechi Done!

Now, the exporter can be started as a daemon. As we can have multiple `hanadb_exporter` instances running in one machine, the service is created using a template file, so an extra information must be given to `systemd` (this is done adding the `@` keyword after the service name together with the name of the configuration file created previously in `/etc/hanadb_exporter/{name}.json`):
```
# All the command must be executed as root user

> systemctl start prometheus-hanadb_exporter@my-exporter

Reviewer 2: good catch
